What does a guy and welcome back.
So in this area where are you going to be moving on.
Read the section and the home page section and everything.
So basically we need to customize this.
We don't have to move onto it just right now.
I'll show you later on how the videos work when we build designer Sayville design everything.
OK then we'll be moving on.
You guys already knew a little bit about it.
If I just come here you can see that it sees the right side bars.
This is basically referring to that if I just come here to Ray Tabor they can see that here are the
vignettes that are coming.
So if I want to delete any widget I can delete it.
I showed you guys at how widget works OK we deleted that.
Me today.
So if I want to add a video trade here I can just come here and I can add a vegetable so that visit
is going to be meta.
OK.
So you can see that the meta tags are going to appear here like this so you can add any of the vision
in the right sidebar if you want to OK.
So let's go back and not come here to home base settings.
So we basically need to assign our home page to be the home page that we have created.
OK.
So how are we going to do this.
We have to just skim here we have a static page from here or if you don't want to go here you can go
to the dashboard.
You can go to then settings and then reading.
OK.
And you guys now know how this works so you can select it.
The home page is going to be the home and the Post page is going to be about Page 3.
The blog page so we have to create a blog page right now.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to save changes right here.
I'm going to go to the pages right here.
I'm going to go to add Neal and I'm going to name this as blog.
OK.
And I'm going to hit publish.
Let's go to the settings again and the reading section right here.
Let's choose the blog section from here.
The blog page.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hate save.
And there we go.
We're totally done.
Now if I just come here and view my web site you can see that this is the home page which is coming
right here instead of the blog page and the blog page we can add a blog section into the menu section.
So if I just come here and I just select the main menu.
OK and I selected Dan I want to add a blog section here as well so I'm just going to read this and I'm
going to hit out to menial.
So it is added here.
I want this to be right here.
OK.
Cool.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save right now and let's come here let's refresh this.
So here we go you can see that it says Home Services Block contact.
OK.
If I just go to blog it's going to take me to the blog page.
And now you can see this.
Hello world.
The Borst are coming like this.
So this is how it works.
OK.
I'm going to go to I'm going to click this my name and it has taken me to here as well.
OK so basically I need to create an eye catching logo for myself.
I can just sign a can create.
I can just add a sign right here a signature or a cool logo right here so that it looks amazing.
OK so I'll be using Photoshop a few.
You can also use an online one if you want to create a board for you.
Or you can just go with Logo creator so you can create a free logo.
OK freeflow designed Freedia more words free so you can create your own free will and then you have
to upload it.
So I'll be using the Photoshop and I'll create a logo I'll just uploaded trate here and then I'm going
to also work with top manual.
I'm going to change the color of this a bit so that it looks amazing and then worked on.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video I'm going to be moving on with the header section.
OK.
And then after that I'm going to add some more stuff right here so stay tuned and Buh-Bye.